He's dead.
Who?
I don't know you.
Don't go in there.
- Stop it.
- I am telling you. go back.
No.
His brains are on the floor.
You're lying.
- Hey.
Fuck.
You been out?
Yeah. thought about setting up a watch.
in case one of those patrols
gets too close.
Made it about an hour.
We'll do shifts.
I'll get you something to warm up.
Fuck.
It did not look like that in the dark.
Shit. Hey. you two. Hey. Come on.
Get up. get up. get up.
- Let me see.
- Well. it's alright.
Now that we know what we're dealing with.
we can come up with a plan.
- Right?
- Definitely.
- Fuck.
- Oh. shit.
Wha... It's a city. Abs.
I thought it would be like
a tent colony or something.
Well. we knew they had lights.
Yeah. I thought they were
from little generators
- like we use at the FOB.
- Nope.
They got full fuckin' power lines.
Oh. well. isn't that great?
Power lines aren't a problem.
Here are the problems.
They've got four main gates.
no other ins or outs.
Guard towers flanking each exit.
Mounted patrols. all heavily armed.
overlapping routes.
These guys are trained.
Yeah. they've got some vets
down there. for sure.
But. okay.
Let's just say we get past the gates.
the guards. the patrols...
They also got dogs.
'Kay. And the dogs.
We still don't know
where Joel is in there.
Okay. how about this?
We ambush a patrol. We tie 'em up.
- Make 'em tell us where Joel is.
- Make them?
Yeah. we said that we weren't
gonna hurt anyone else.
- Just Joel. I'm not gonna...
- Mel. fuck. Relax.
I'm not saying we would.
I'm saying we bluff.
Scare 'em. you know?
And if they don't talk. then what?
Yeah. it's not like we could let 'em go.
I do have the beginnings
of an idea for a plan. maybe.
Just need some time.
I have to let it crystallize.
But you're onto something?
I'm onto something.
Okay. Then let's buy you some time. then.
I'll take the next watch.
Where's the spot?
Up the hill. A little outcropping.
You'll know it when you see it.
Okay.
Better be a good fuckin' plan.
Oh. fuck.
Fuckin' hour out here?
You don't actually have a plan. do you?
No. I do.
The plan is to convince her to go back.
'Cause if we don't. the only people
getting killed out here are us.
I'm coming.
Hey.
Wow. you look like shit.
Dude. what do you want?
I want you to fulfill your obligation
to the community of Jackson Hole. Wyoming.
8:00 a.m. patrol.
It's eight?
No. it's... 7:30. But you're riding with me
and I like to be on time.
Okay. gimme a minute. I'll get changed.
I heard you had quite the night
after I left.
Yeah.
Yeah. she kissed me.
It was just Dina being Dina.
She was high. she won't even remember it...
I was talking about some fight
you had with Seth and Joel.
You kissed her?
- No.
- Ellie. come on.
We've been broken up one week.
- and you made a move on her?
- I didn't.
- I didn't make...
- Seriously?
Dina... you... It didn't mean anything.
She was probably just trying
to make you jealous.
It didn't mean anything. It didn't.
- I wouldn't do that.
- I'm screwing with you. man.
I already know. I don't care.
Come on. get dressed. We gotta go.
You're the worst.
It's kind of fucked up
you did that. though.
What's everyone doing?
Council put the town on alert.
Last night. Kylie and Max
found a pile of dead infected
near Seven Cabins.
- Frozen stiff.
- Okay?
They didn't think anything of it
until 30 live ones
broke through from underneath the corpses.
They're using their own dead
like insulation.
Thirty? Fuck. They okay?
Yeah. sprinted back on their horses.
Sent a squad out to clear the infected.
but now we're thinking
we don't know how many
are underneath the snow.
Could be 30 more.
Could be a thousand more.
A thousand? Get the fuck outta here.
Ah. yes.
Certainty masquerading as knowledge.
- It's very Ellie of you.
- Suck my dick.
Also. somebody
told the council a ghost story
about the world's smartest infected.
and now everybody's spooked
out of their minds.
It wasn't a ghost story.
You know. no offense. man.
I'm gonna do my patrol with Joel.
Yes. offense.
'cause that's the one person
you've been avoiding like the plague.
Well. we're better now. okay?
As of when? 'Cause last night I did...
Yeah. I know what happened last night.
Can you shut the fuck...
My shit with Joel is complicated.
I know that. From the outside.
it probably looks really bad.
It has been really bad.
But I'm still me.
he's still Joel. and we...
And nothing's ever gonna
change that. ever.
So. you can all stop talking about us.
worrying about us.
and thinking about us. alright?
So. you two hashed it out?
Alright.
Now. if you don't mind.
I'm gonna go on patrol with him
like fucking daddy-daughter day.
- Okay? Okay.
- He already went out.
What? With who?
Dina. They left an hour ago.
For what it's worth.
he wanted to go with you.
but he said we should let you sleep.
- Let's hit the restaurant.
- I'm not hungry.
Neither am I.
but Maria wants to talk to you.
And don't ask. I don't know.
Now. the most likely outcome
is none of this
is necessary. okay?
You wanna remind me next week
how I made y'all
go through all this crap for no reason?
- Yeah.
- Nothin' will make me happier.
But you know the drill.
Prepare for the worst. hope for the best.
Now. half of y'all is hung over
and want me to shut up.
But...
I'ma go through this anyway
'cause it's been a minute.
If you see flares. if you hear bells.
stop what you're doin'.
You follow the plan. What's the plan?
Vanessa. what's the plan?
We go to the forest?
To the forest?
Do not go to the forest. sweetheart.
Be such a bad idea.
Now. young ones. old ones.
right quick into basements and cellars.
You lock the doors.
you reinforce. shelter in place
'til we tell you it's safe to come out.
Now. for the rest of us. where do we go?
- Up!
- Up. that's right.
Rooftops. second floors. What do we bring?
Guns!
- You wanted to...
- That means everyone is carrying
when we're on alert.
Sidearms. rifles. take 'em with you.
Keep 'em on you. Safeties. please.
Somebody shot themselves
in the leg last week.
Earl!
Alright. don't be Earl.
Now. bigger weapons.
security team will handle those.
For the rest of you.
if there's a breach.
God forbid. stay off the main street.
Last place you wanna be.
trust me on that one.
Any questions?
Alright then. Get with your group leaders.
Spread the word to your neighbors.
- Let's get everyone in the loop.
- Go hug Daddy.
Tell him he did good.
Come on.
This is bullshit. right?
It's just a drill.
Yep. it's a drill.
Unless we're attacked. and then it's not.
Correct.
- Oh. fuck me.
- Stay where you are.
Thank you.
Seth. we have something to say?
Yeah.
So. last night.
I obviously had a few too many.
It happens to everyone.
People get drunk and say awful shit
they've never thought before.
- Ellie.
- No. that's fair.
I shouldn't have said it.
I shouldn't even thought it. I'm sorry.
I made you two some sandwiches
if you're going out there.
They're steak.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Well...
- You be safe out there.
- Yep.
Cottonwood run. moving out.
Are we worrying about that?
Nah. it'll just be up in the mountains.
Fucking hope so.
Ten seconds in.
I already can't feel my ass.
Goddammit.
Fuck it.
We're runnin' out of rope.
One. two. three.
Rope it.
Take those ammo cans. Put 'em right there.
This is mountaintop patrol.
Visibility dropping.
Mountaintop. repeat.
Again. low visibility.
We're coming back to camp.
Repeat.
- June.
- Yeah?
Go find Amy in the radio room.
Tell her to crank the signal.
Call all the patrols back.
Okay. I'm on it.
Cottonwood patrol. return to Jackson ASAP.
What?
- Repeat.
- Cottonwood patrol.
- return to Jackson ASAP.
- Yeah. alright.
But I think we're too far out
to make it back.
I know a spot. we can hole up there.
Copy. Shelter in place
until we contact you. Stay warm.
Yeah. you too. Over.
- What spot?
- This way.
- They gonna be okay?
- As soon as they eat.
- Okay. what about us?
- This way.
Okay.
Fuck.
Am I fucking hallucinating?
Maybe. Do you see
a 7-Eleven full of weed?
- Yep.
- Then no.
How'd you know about this place?
Eugene.
He was my first patrol partner.
One day. he showed it to me.
said he found it a year earlier
when he was on a solo patrol.
Swore me to secrecy.
Said Maria wouldn't be
supportive of his farming.
You okay?
Yeah.
- Eugene was a Firefly?
- Yup.
Just early on. though.
- Quit back in 2010.
- How come?
He said he was tired of killing people.
I think he was in Vietnam.
That was a raw deal.
Joel having to put him down.
Fuckin' shame.
Guy makes it through a war.
end up going out like that.
What are you gonna do?
Couldn't be saved.
Yeah.
Fuck!
Give me your hand!
- Can you run?
- Yeah.
Run! That way!
Joel?
Up here. I'm comin'. I'm comin'.
You good?
Hey. kid!
- Yeah. yeah. I'm good.
- Any bites?
Then let's go.
Now!
- What do we do?
- We leave!
Back to Jackson?
It's too far.
We'll freeze before we get halfway.
- I'm aware.
- Where the fuck did they even come from?
- Where did you come from?
- The mountain.
Okay. Joel. if we stay here. we die.
If we go out there. we die.
I don't know. I don't know. I'm thinkin'!
The lodge. My friends are holed up
in a lodge halfway up the mountain.
Not far.
If the infected are down here.
maybe there aren't anymore up there.
Fuck it. it's all we got.
Are your friends armed?
- Yeah.
- Good.
We're gonna need 'em. Get on.
- How we doin'?
- Range is pretty compromised.
But you heard from all of 'em. right?
They're on their way back?
Or taking shelter. yeah.
Except Joel and Dina.
- Well. where the fuck are they?
- I don't know.
They're not responding.
Try 'em again.
Again!
Copper Mine. this is Jackson. come in.
Copper Mine. come in.
Joel. answer the goddamn radio!
Fuck!
Every ten seconds. Amy. You hear me?
Every ten seconds!
Copper Mine. this is Jackson. come in.
- Jesse.
- What?
Check it.
Did he make this?
- Yeah.
- I'm taking this with me.
- No. you're not.
- Yes. I am.
And as much weed
as I can shove into my pack.
- Nope.
- Dude. you're gonna be in charge
of Jackson one day. we all know.
But that day has not yet come.
Repeat.
Copper Mine. do you copy?
This is Jesse. you're barely there. Amy?
Jesse. have you seen Joel or Dina?
Repeat.
Have you heard from Joel or Dina?
No. why?
They haven't checked in.
Are you near Copper Mine?
- Fuck.
- Amy.
Amy. come back.
Amy!
The route's an oval around the mine.
We gotta split up
and come at it from both sides.
Northwest and northeast.
Meet up in the middle.
I'll take northeast.
How much time do you think we have?
If the wind holds steady.
maybe 20 minutes.
You gotta get to the mine by then.
Ellie. whether you find them or not.
Yeah. you fucking too. Jesse.
Joel. we gotta go faster!
I know! I'm tryin'!
Tommy!
Bell! Bell! Hit the bell!
- They're coming!
- Raiders or infected?
Infected! Five minutes out!
Follow the plan. I'll take the roofs.
You take Main Street.
- Go.
- Go! Let's go!
Hey. you two with me! Roofs! Let's go!
Basements and roofs! Get off the street!
Okay.
Hurry!
- Jackson Hole!
Get ready!
Push! Push!
- Go. go. go!
- Go! Go!
Push!
Rifles!
Now! Now!
What? Oh. God.
- I have to go back.
- We won't make it.
- If I don't make it. I don't make it.
- We're almost there!
The lodge is just up ahead.
It's like a minute.
- Really?
- We've got blankets. ammo.
My friends can help you get back.
We can fight.
Fast!
They're gonna breach.
They're gonna breach!
They're breaking through! Get ready!
Get in there.
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
Hey! Right here!
Hey!
Come here! Come here!
You good?
No!
Fuck!
Come on. let's go!
Jesus.
Go!
- Abby!
- Hey. horses!
- Horses!
- We got horses!
Come on. Come on. Inside! Inside!
Abby. you okay?
Oh. fuck.
Help them too.
No. no. no.
let's keep your coat on. alright?
It's okay. I think I see
just a little frostbite on your wrist.
but it's not too bad.
I'm gonna take a look.
Easy. We're gonna raise
your body temperature up slowly. okay?
What's the. who are you?
Hang on. I gotta jump on this.
or you're gonna lose skin.
Okay. everybody grab blankets. ammo.
whatever weapons you have.
we're headin' out
- in three minutes.
- Sorry.
I'm Abby.
This is Nora. Manny. Owen. and Mel.
Jackson. come in.
Tommy. come in. Do you copy?
Her name's Dina.
- Jackson. come in.
- Dina?
- Jackson!
- And he...
is Joel.
Hey. Jackson. do you copy?
Does anyone copy?
Any patrols. anyone?
Tommy. if you can hear me.
- we've got these...
- Joel. Joel. Joel.
We're not gonna hurt her.
Not if you cooperate.
We're just gonna put her
to sleep for a while.
Trust me. It's for the best.
Do it.
If you don't do it. I'm gonna smash her
in the fuckin' head.
You wanna rob us?
Fine. take what you want.
Do we look like raiders to you?
No.
What do we look like?
Military.
Fireflies?
Used to be.
Haven't you heard?
There are no more Fireflies.
They're all gone.
Okay.
- No. get... Get that shit away from...
- This is gonna put you to sleep.
This is going to put you
to sleep for one hour.
That is all. I promise.
I promise.
No. No. No!
See? Breathing.
That's a nice scar you have
on your right temple there.
I'd say you're about. what. six feet?
In your 60s now?
You actually are pretty handsome.
Congrats on that.
I'm gonna give you one chance
to tell the truth. Joel.
If you do. let's face it.
We'll all know.
I'll let her live.
- Wait. Abby. I thought...
- Shut up!
Where was the last place
you saw the Fireflies?
Salt Lake.
At least you're honest.
I saved your life.
What life?
Tourniquet him.
Mel. let's just do what we came to do.
You're tough.
I guess you probably have to be.
killing all those people.
Do you know how many you killed that day?
Did you count as you went. or...
I guess maybe it just didn't matter?
Eighteen soldiers.
And one doctor.
You remember that one.
An unarmed doctor you shot in the head.
Yeah.
That was my dad.
Guess you probably already figured.
The nurses said you barely
even looked at him
when you pulled the trigger.
And then. you just walked
right past his body
and out the door.
But I looked at him.
I saw him.
I was 19.
I've been in a militia for five years now.
Seattle. I'd warn you not to go there.
but little chance of that.
Anyway. our commander
trained us to follow a code.
We don't kill people
that can't defend themselves.
And right now.
that's you.
But I am going to kill you.
Because it doesn't matter
if you have a code like me
or you're a lawless
piece of shit like you.
There are just some things
everyone agrees are just fucking wrong.
You know. it's funny.
I have waited so long...
Oh. just shut the fuck up
and do it already.
You
stupid
old man.
You don't get to rush this.
Abby.
That's enough!
No!
Fuck!
- Stupid fucking bitch!
- No!
No!
- Joel!
Joel! Joel!
Joel. get up.
Joel. fucking get up!
Joel. get up. Get up.
End it.
Joel. get up. Please.
Please. get up. Get up.
Fucking get up!
Get up. Get up.
Get up.
No.
Please. no. please.
Please don't. Please... please don't.
Please don't do it! Please!
Please don't! Don't!
I'm gonna kill you.
I'm gonna kill you!
You're gonna die!
You're all gonna fucking die!
Fucking pendejo.